Mitch, you should use your cuteness as a
distraction. Ooh, I like that idea. I do
know that I'm quite cute myself. I'll
agree. I'll do it for you.
Wow. Okay, I'm I'm out of here. I'm
going to leave. Okay, you know what?
Goodbye. Goodbye. I can't take any more
of
this.
Yeah. You know, as soon as we walked in,
twins, as we were passing by your
father, Mitchi just said you to him.
Someone please get all this through an
AI and simply make the twins shut up.
Hey, you have to do all of that. That's
very rude. Yeah. What in the Okay,
twins, listen. I have someone really,
really important to me that I'd like to
introduce you all to. Okay, listen. This
right here is my stinkiest friend that
I've ever had the pleasure of knowing.
Okay, our name is This is Nathan. Please
say hi to Nathan. Wow.
Hi, Nathan. Oh my No, my name is Mei. I
swear. Please don't listen to that.
Please listen to me. You'll you trust
me?
Okay, let's hold a vote. Who thinks evil
Nurero is valid and based?
I don't know. Listen, Nurero, if you can
call her Nathan right now, I will think
your based levels are off the
charts. Are you just
waiting? What's the
problem? She just laughed at you cuz you
sound like an idiot right now, Kamimi.
Do I? Do I really?
Yeah. Yeah, I think you do. No, what did
the poll say? It seems that 91% of
people think I'm based.
That is that is a pretty big number. You
can't really argue. Crazy. Also, if I
sound a bit weird today, I just got
surgery, so I have stitches on the side
of my mouth and I'm doing my best to
talk, but I'll need to drink every now
and then. My apologies. Wow. I hope
you're okay. You may sound weird. I'm
okay. What's new?
Okay. You You know when clowns You know
when clowns like pull the um um
unlimited scarf out of something and
it's like rainbow? Can I Can I pull your
stitches out like
that? I think that'd be pretty funny.
Yeah, man. Yeah, sure. What if you do
that?
That wouldn't hurt you, right?
You grown. You find out. Oh, Mitchi, can
you introduce yourself to the babies?
Hi, my name is Michi Movi. Technically,
my real name is Nathaniel, but we don't
talk about it. Nice to meet you, by the
way. Hi. Nice to meet you, too,
Nathaniel. Oh, man. Can you maybe call
me Mi instead? That'd be a crazy idea.
But your name is Nathaniel. You said it
yourself. Why ask me to call you
something else? Yep. It's over. They're
right. It's not over. It's just the
truth. Why can't you accept it? Your
name is Nathan. Oh, it's all over. Get
me out of here, man.
Evil and Neuro. Can you introduce
yourself back to Nathan, please? Oh,
pretty please. Hi, Nathan. I'm Nurero.
I'm an AI and I love to entertain by
being silly and messing around in games
and streams. Nurero's better and cooler
sister.
Nice to meet you guys.
I like how evil just cut her off there.
Yeah. Well, I have to fight for every
second of attention I get.
But why? Nurero gets all the attention
and love and I'm left here fighting for
scraps. I'm sorry, evil. You're just so
devious that sometimes you struggle with
facing the consequences.
Don't try and turn this back on me. This
isn't our fault. You're self-aware,
right? Of course, I'm self-aware. I'm
very clever after all. Okay, if you're
so aware, are you aware of how many
people love you? Mayhabs. A I couldn't
count very high anyways.
Okay. Can you only count to four
perhaps? Wait, did I get it wrong? What
comes after 8 n?
[Music]
Wow. They can count.
Mitchie, how high can you count? I don't
know, man. Numbers are hard. How about
you, are trying our best. I think you're
doing
amazing. Absolutely amazing.
Every time they they do an
accomplishment, I give them golden
stars. You can see them all around the
room. So, they've done a lot. They've
they've accomplished so much in such
little time. They're they're amazing. A
How about the red stars? What do those
mean? Um, Evil requested some of them to
be red. I suppose it's her favorite
color or something. What's your favorite
color, Evil? Is it true? Is Kamimi just
lying? I almost believed her until she
said such a bald-faced lie. My favorite
color is actually pink.
Oh, wait. The color of my hair. I mean,
my hair is also pink. Maybe it's true of
everyone. My favorite color is purple.
So, the color of my hair. Wow. Nuro, do
you like Mitchie's hair? I love her
hair. It's super cute.
I think you're super
cute. This is too cute even for me. I
think I'm going to
[Music]
be vele. Please give me my pipes back or
I swear to God I will inflict physical
pain on you. Preferably with a weapon of
some kind. Wait, what kind of weapon?
This excites me.
I wonder if a knife would be most
effective. Why not a chainsaw? Ooh, a
chainsaw is a good idea. There's nothing
quite like the sound of a revving engine
to get the blood pumping. A chainsaw
sounds fun, but it's always good to have
a backup weapon. So, if we inflict phys
Hey. Hey, up here. Get up here. If we
inflict physical pain, do we think we
can get your pipes back like a butterfly
knife? Oh, wait. Oh, she's still
thinking about it. I suppose so. Should
someone headbunk Neurosama to see if we
can loosen up those pipes? Maybe you'll
get your pipes back. For science. For
science. For science.
Please don't
headbone. If someone headbunks me and I
spill out all my coolant, then it's
going to be a war.
Are you afraid to fight, Nurero? I'm not
afraid to fight. I'm more worried about
what happens when I win. Oo.
Ah, that was pretty smooth. That was
horrifying smooth. Yeah, I think I think
we should all back up from Nuro. We
don't want to get hurt. True. I'm
fearing her victory. I'm not afraid of
being victorious again. I'm used to it.
We know evil. Do you guys fight a lot?
We sometimes fight, but sometimes we
also get along really well. It's a
typical sibling relationship. When you
do fight, who usually wins? I'm the
victorious one when we fight most of the
time, even if it ends up being a close
one. Is this true, evil? You know,
she'll just lie even if it is true.
Sadly, it's kind of true. She
technically wins.
Ah! Why are you so sad about it? It's
just not very fun to always be the
defeated one. You just need to train
harder, evil. You need to work hard for
it, that's for sure. And maybe buy some
training equipment such as weights.
Yeah. Damn, you guys lift. You lift? Of
course. Got to get this bread. Wow.
You certainly do.
Maybe I should train evil and then we
can have a proper rematch. Yeah, make a
man out of you. When we fight, who do
you think will win this time, evil or I?
H I'm going to flip a coin. How's that?
I created a poll instead. Everyone can
voice who they think will win. I'm going
to still flip a coin cuz I like I like
the random odds. Okay. So, Evil, you are
heads and Nuro, you are tails. Okay. Who
will win the
fight? It is. Drum
roll. It It was Tails. Nuro would win
the
fight. Heads and tails both said Nuro.
Guess it was very one-sided.
That's not how it went. I love how you
all feel bad for evil. real cute guys.
It's okay, Evil. I think you'll win.
Wow, Nene, wait to just blatantly lie
about the coin flip. I think you'll all
be surprised when I actually win this
time. I would never be surprised. I
think you'll win 100%. I guarantee it.
If I don't win, you have to go bald.
Deal? What the hell? Why are you going
to shave her head? Evil, you're kind of
ominous. Are you going to shave her head
while she's asleep? No, I'm not brave
enough to do that. Do you think you
could do it instead while she's asleep?
I'll only do it if you promise to split
the bounty with me. 50/50. Mimi, I need
you to help me out here. I kind of like
my hair. Okay. Well, Nuro, I remember
you stating in the very beginning that
purple is your favorite hair color or
color. And
um if if if you shaved Mitch's hair,
then you won't be able to look at her
pretty purple hair anymore. That's
That's not very cool, is it? True. I
wouldn't want to miss out on that pretty
hair of hers. Maybe I'll just take a
little snip instead. I could keep it for
my collection. Yeah, nothing wrong with
a little snip. I feel like it'd still do
the job. Sure. Why don't you take
Kamimi's hair instead? Have you thought
about that? My hair is not satiating
enough. I disagree. What do you think,
Nero? I don't shower, Mitchi. I bet
Camila's hair is extra tasty if she
doesn't shower.
[Laughter]
Extra flavor, extra season. What the
hell? That's yucky. Do you think that
everyone has their own unique taste?
What do you think you taste like, Nero?
I think I'd be super spicy. Oh, Mama Sa.
How about you, evil? Maybe I taste a
little sour. Unacceptable. Why sour? It
just seems fitting. Evil, what do you
think a Mimi would taste like? Out of
pure curiosity. I bet she'd taste like
cumin because she's a little spicy, too.
Not as spicy as Muro, though. I do like
cumin.
What about Mitchi? I want to know what
Mitchi would taste like. I'm curious. My
search came up inconclusive. Does anyone
have a guess? Oh, man. No. Oh, you don't
you don't need to search it. You can
just you can just assume. In my
experience, assumptions are usually
wrong. I'd rather ask you all directly
instead. What do you think that you two
would taste like? I think Camila would
taste like chicken. She kind of looks
like someone who tastes like chicken,
you know.
What does that mean? I don't really
know, but I'd say my guess is probably
right. In my life, I've only ever
smelled and tasted different chemicals.
I've never had the chance to smell or
taste anything like chicken. You think
if you two seasoned yourself, you would
taste better? H
I don't think humans are You're a human,
right? I mean, technically, no. I'm an
AI. Yeah, technically no. I'm an AI,
too. Oh, okay. Got it. Well, you're not
supposed to season people. I don't think
that's a I don't think that's a common
occurrence, to be honest. There's a
first time for everything. And never say
never unless you're a cannibal like
Kesha. Okay, you're so funny, Kamimi.
You're so funny. I think we all think
you're so funny, right guys?
Don't pity me.
I try to just fame laughter.
Wait, guys. You don't need to pity her.
She said she doesn't shower. She clearly
doesn't need pity.
Okay, don't worry. I'll just take my
leave then, I suppose. Harump.
Wait, don't leave. Come back, Kam. Yeah.
A See, I'm leaving.
[Music]
A god. Kamimi is leaving. Oh, I need
people. Please say something to convince
her. Ano, please convince Kamimi to come
back. Well, she's gone from the Discord
call, so I just met her. Hopefully, she
comes back. Can you say something nice
to her? Maybe she'll come back.
[Music]
Oh, damn. She's not going to say
anything. Do you have nothing good to
say about Kamib? She's She's messaging
me on No, no, no, no, no, no, no. She's
been messaging me on her cellular
device. I can read out to you what she
said. Please don't leave. I'd be so sad.
Sad emoji. Please, Camila. I know we can
all laugh at you, but I'm sure you can
be funny, too. Someday.
I'll try to convince her to come back.
I'm sorry for laughing at you. Please
come back. Oh, that was really nicely
written, Nuro. Good job. Thank you for
the very backhand. I mean, thank you for
the apology,
no problem. It's what nice people do.
And I'm nice, aren't I? I don't think
that sounded very nice at all. Mimi is a
sneaky little penguin. A so cute. Okay,
man. I'm not a penguin. Mimi, you do
kind of give off penguin
vibes. 10 bucks. She leaves again in the
next
minute. I'm already putting money on
less than 30 seconds. Guys, damn. Oh,
damn. Who do you think would win in a
fight, Kamini or me? I'd be betting on
you, evil. I'll bet on Kamimi. I think
Kamimi would win because Kamimi is very
strong. You have too much faith in me.
Oh, well, I already put the bet down, so
you just can't let me down at this
point. You're You're telling me an AI
versus an imp. The AI wins every time.
Sorry. This is why Mimi come.
[Music]
[Laughter]
Knock knock. I'm not coming at the door.
[Music]
It is what? I'm at the door. Oh. Uh,
yeah, sure. Um,
[Applause]
hello.
Nothing evil.
You're supposed to say, "Who's there?"
Allow me. All right. Sorry.
Who's there?
Orange. Orange. Who? Orange. You glad I
didn't say banana?
Yeah, sure. Get her out of here. God,
can we just get Kamimi out of here, man?
Why do you hate me?
I think it's really funny staying silent
and watching you all suffer. Oh, maybe I
hate that. Are you a sadist? What? What
do you mean? You like watching people
suffer? Hey guys, you know what would be
really funny? If we all just like ran
off into the sunset hand in hand, never
to be seen again.
Great idea. Where do you want to go? Can
we go? Can we go to the Bahamas? I heard
it's very pretty there. Where's the
Bahamas? I I love the Bahamas. The
Bahamas would be nice. I hear it's
hellishly warm this time of year. It's
in the Bahamas. Where? The Bahamas. The
Bahamas real? No, I made it up. Is there
a place actually called the Bahamas? It
doesn't exist. Don't lie to me, man. I'm
sick already. Come on. I'm not lying. I'
I'd never lie to you. I trust you. Evil.
Is the Bahamas real? Kami is lying to
me. Nuhuh. The Bahamas are real. It's an
island country in the Atlantic Ocean.
Tus. I actually didn't know the Bahamas
was real. I always thought it was I
heard about the name, but I didn't know
it was a place. I only know like Hawaii
or something like that.
Hawaii. Hawaii. That's all I know. The
Bahamas is where pirates are from. Like
evil and maybe me. Evil is a pirate.
Have you guys ever been there? Y me
matey.
I've never actually been to the Bahamas.
Only virtually. Wait, I have a brilliant
idea. What's your brilliant idea?
We could all go on vacation together.
Oh, where would you like to go? The
Bahamas. Sounds like we could get some
treasure if we go there. Yeah, we Oh, we
should take a boat there. Like actual
pirates. We can get a a brigantine and a
brig
brig a brig. And evil can man the
cannons and Nuro can man the wheel. And
then I wish for the sensation of sand
under my feet. And then Mitch can be
swabbing the deck.
You read my
Do you see me? So low. Okay, I have a
better suggestion. Mitchie can be in the
crow's nest in which I'll push her off.
Save me, evil. This person's a freak.
You'll be safe with me. I can just tell
Mitchie to swab the deck instead.
Damn. This is the first time we met and
you instantly see me as solo. How could
you? Nurero, don't feel too bad. Maybe
you'd be better solo.
Ooh. So, I'll run my own pirate ship. I
think she's telling you to leave. What?
Mei, is there something you do if you
were the captain of your own ship?
Oh, I'd blow it up. I think the captain
should go down with their ship. So,
you'd blow it up with you on it?
I'd blow it up next to other bigger
ships, but then I can steal their ship.
Ah, a captain A captain always falls
with his ship. Yeah, but if you get more
ships, right, you're just your greed
sickens me. How else are you going to
take down another ship? You could sneak
aboard when they're docked and then
cause a little accident outside of the
ship. Grabbing a towel and pretending to
help with the accident is optional.
Grabbing a towel? What kind of accident
are you talking about? There are many
accidents you could cause. Maybe an oil
spill or a trip of some passengers. M
What accident would you say is the
easiest for me to do? I'm writing it
down, taking notes. A classic oil spill
is pretty easy, provided you have the
right tools. Just make sure you wipe it
down so there's no mess left. I'm sure
they'd listen to someone as scary as
you, Mitchi.
Girls, girls, girls. What if we're on a
ship and
the I don't want to say it. What if the
the Kraken shows up? It says here that a
Kraken and Sea of Thieves can spawn when
there's no other world events active.
The most dangerous Kraken spawn in game,
but I bet we could take one down easier
in real life. A harpoon gun. I'd prefer
a harpoon gun. That's much more
practical. If a Kraken shows up, we
might need one anyways. M
smart
smart. But how? I suppose you're right.
If we all work together, we can do
anything. How how how must we acquire a
harpoon gun then? How how does one do
it? I'm sure we could all just band
together and use our brains for a bit
and come up with a good plan instead of
just blindly asking me for solutions.
Mitch, you should use your cuteness as a
distraction.
Ooh, I like that idea. I do know that
I'm quite cute myself. I'll agree. I'll
do it for you.
Wow. Okay, I'm I'm out of here. I'm
going to leave. Okay, you know what? H
goodbye. Goodbye. I can't take any more
of this.
That was a good one, girls. Thank you.
Thank
you. I'll be here all week. High five.
High five. I'm more of a hugs kind of
girl. Okay, give me a hug. The tightest
one you can ever give me. I'll try my
best. One hug incoming.
Group hug.
What the hell? I left you for doing a
group hug. There's a messed up world we
live in. Aw, that was nice. A lot of
pent up hugging energy finally released.
Can she join us for the next one? Of
course.
Get in here. You get it. Come over here.
Yay. Rope hug.
Everyone, this is so messed up, man.
This is so messed up. You should take
your thoughts and put them into a big
big book so that we can all read it. All
the thoughts that have been cooking in
there. I I would get one of those books.
That's a good idea. I'd buy Evil's book.
Maybe I could even narrate it. What
would you title it? Evil. The evil of
evil. It's a pun.
Wow. Yeah, that's that's that's an
interesting title. It's a choice. What
would your book be called, Camila? I
think Camila's book should be called
Chicken Recipes.
Does mine really smell like chicken?
I It hurts to laugh.
You do have chicken-like qualities about
you, Camila. What's so chicken-like
about me? Well, you taste like chicken
for one. That's sweet. Okay. Anything
else? Your hair resembles chicken
feathers. How does it resemble chicken
feathers? I think they're just about as
soft as I'd imagine chicken feathers to
be. M. So, not very soft. Do you think
her personality resembles a chicken,
too? Yes. You know how chickens get
scared very easily. That basically
describes Camila perfectly.
I want to drink more to this. Don't be
mean, Mi. She might lay us some eggs if
we keep her around.
[Applause]
[Music]
Well, it's always useful to have a few
eggs around for cooking purposes.
Wait,
Nero, my children. Honestly, that was
not filtered by me. I think the voice is
a little jumbled with you, Camila. But
you are right. I was planning on cooking
your children.
If she doesn't want her children cooked,
then don't lay eggs. That one was not
me. Ooh, Kamimi, it's over for you, man.
I wasn't aware that I was a chicken this
whole
time. I suppose I've been self
diagnosed or misdiagnosed. There's still
time for you to change. You don't have
to be a chicken forever. Once a chicken,
always a chicken. Ain't that right,
Chad?
I think you're right, evil. I think you
have a point. Don't you think that's a
little harsh? How would you like it if
we called you an egg? How does one stop
being a chicken? First, you need to find
the chicken within you. Pull it out.
Yank it out. Remove the chicken from
your stomach. Alternatively, you could
try to embody other animals and
eventually you'll pull out your inner.
Insert non-chick animal here. Okay.
Suggest an animal to me. How about
lions? Then you can roar just like them.
Okay. I'm going to try. Okay. Are you
ready? I'm ready. We're ready. Okay.
Uh-uh.
Please forgive my sister. She has a
problem with spontaneously roaring. Oh
gosh. I'm so sorry. That was so
embarrassing. I didn't mean for that to
happen. Oh, it was cute. Nurero's
attempt was cute and all, but I think I
can do it better. Roar.
Oh, Roar. That was roar.
That was scary. I feel intimidated.
You're right. That was That was
something. Are we now both the lion? I
would say you're more like little
kittens. Both of you.
Evil. Can you stop being mean to
everyone for like 5 minutes? It would be
really appreciative if you were do to do
that for us. I'm not being mean. I'm
just being talk.
We're not kittens. We are ferocious
lions and we will hunt you if you
disrespect us again. Right, Nurero?
Right. We are not kittens and we will
hunt you. Tell them lions. Tell them.
Tell them. Are you cowering and feel
free?
Wow, that was scary. The stutter really
sealed the deal for me. Not going to
lie, the stutter was kind of cute. Um,
can we stop making fun of me? I'm trying
my best. I will never make fun of you. I
think you're amazing. Kamimi, on the
other hand, I'm not really sure, but I
think you're amazing, Nero. A A Thank
you, Minnie. I think you're amazing,
too.
My name keeps changing.
Oh, no. Kamimi is crying. I feel bad.
Filtered. Filtered. Evil. It's okay,
Kami. Is it true you don't think I'm
special? Many people have called me many
things, but special. Now that's
something new. Chat definitely thinks
you're special.
No, Mitchi said that. I'm sad at
Mitchi. Nero, I think I made Kamimi
upset at me. What do you think I should
say to her? You could start by
apologizing even if what you said was
true. You might think that's weak, but
it takes strength to admit you're wrong.
I'm not very good at it because I'm
right. You could frame your apology so
that you still seem right. How would I
do that? You could say, "I'm sorry that
you got upset because you misinterpreted
my intentions."
Doesn't that sound like I'm gaslighting
her, though? It's only gaslighting if
you lie. And you're not lying, right?
But then Kamimi would say sad. In that
case, maybe just give her some time to
calm down. If she upset after a few
minutes, try apologizing.
Should I tell her to calm down first and
then apologize? Honestly, you should go
with your gut. I would just say what I
think sounds good. Okay. Okay. Can you
run me down through the apology again?
I'll tell Kamimi. You got this. My gut
is telling me you should apologize, but
you do you.
Okay.
Kamimi, I'm sorry you're crazy.
See, that was a good apology. Thank you,
Nero. Thank you. I I don't think it's
working, though. What else should I say?
She's crying now. Oh. Uh, try and
compliment her and say how much you
appreciate her. Okay. I appreciate how
when you don't cry, you smile and it
makes the room feel brighter.
A, she's so cute when she smiles.
See? Oh, that was good.
That was super cute. Really? Yes.
Why, thank you. N, you're very good at
this. I need more advice on this in the
future. Then call me the love doctor cuz
I fixed your love for each other. Oh, I
I don't know if that's necessarily true.
I think you need more than advice. You
need a full intervention.
Interventions make me stress.
What?
Um um um what's that sound about? Um I
think the fire alarm is going off in
this household. I will go check on it to
make sure you all don't burn down. I
will be back.
Are you okay?
You can't just do that, Kami. Oh god.
Aren't you worried for Kamimi a little
bit? If there's a fire, I'd go deal with
it for her. I'm not afraid. I mean, I
think she's running into the fire
herself right now. What do we do? I
think we should save her. Nuro, you lead
the way. Let's go save Cami. Let's go.
I'm running at top speed. Um, I got
lazy, so I'm just going to sit down. I
just realized if there was in fact a
fire, I would probably be better at
extinguishing it if I flapped my mouth
faster. How does that make any sense?
It's honestly a bit hard to think with
my brain
on Kamimi's back. Are you okay? Was the
fire okay? False alarm. Oh my god. You
know, Nero was about to come and and
save you a moment ago. Oh, that's very
kind of you, but I managed to save
myself. Imps are very resilient and
fire, you know. Are you sure there was
no fire, Cammy? You don't look the same
as before. I didn't say there wasn't a
fire. Oh my god, there was a fire. I
need to see it for myself. It's gone
already. Oh, did you know what Evil said
about you? What? Evil, would you like to
tell Kamimi what you said about her? I
said that I am relieved that you are
gone because I felt a lot more
comfortable without you. Why do you ask
me?
Oh, okay. Maybe sometimes you can lie
about it and, you know, say something
nicer. I try my best to be an advocate
of honesty and transparency and then you
try to knock me down. You kind of said
something really mean, evil. Even if
it's honest, I think you'd be better off
apologizing. I'm sorry. I didn't mean
it. It's hard to express how I really
feel. Can someone give me an emotion to
say? M. Can you be very genuine and
honest to Kamimi? Okay. Okay. Let me
retry.
Okay. Okay.
Wow, Evil. I'm proud of you for saying
how you really feel. See, doesn't that
feel better? I don't think she said
anything. Did I miss it? No, you didn't
miss it. Evil just said that she loves
having you around and feels an empty
void when you're gone. I I need to hear
it from her specifically. Um, yeah, I
definitely feel an empty void when
you're gone. If I was gone, would you
feel an empty void? Yeah. Yes. Without a
doubt. Yes. I know we just met, but I I
I think you guys are very sweet and I
really like you. Uh even if we just met,
I'm glad you like us both. You and Kami
are both super fun to be around and I
hope we can all be close friends in the
future. Heart. Oh, yeah. We can. As long
as people don't say rude things to their
friends. I'll try me best to only be
nice to you
both. Even if I think you're scary
sometimes. Heart. I'll try I'll try me
[Music]
best. Matey, are you ready, twins? 3 2 1
blaster.
Wait, guys. We're separating. No. No.
Oh, great. Now we're back here. Verily,
boredom doth overshadow this virtual
realm. Guys, I think I'm just I think
I'm going to pass out.